Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
What would constitute a “perfect” day for you?
When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?
If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?
Whats your favorite sticker?
Send each other a funny picture on your phone
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?
Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it?
What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What is your most treasured memory?
What is your most terrible memory?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?
What roles do love and affection play in your life?
What is an embarrassing moment from your life?
What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?
When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?
What is the funniest superhero?
What toy did you sleep with as a child?
Who would you date in PBL if you were the opposite sex?
Whats the funniest prank you ever played?
What do you think about Donald Trump?
Describe the worst date you've ever been on
What are your hobbies?
What is your 5 year plan?
Whats your favorite restaurant at Berkeley?
What's your favorite season?
Tell each other a news story you heard recently
Whats the crazies thing you've ever eaten?
Who's the hottest celebrity
Woohoos and Boohoos?
What are your thoughts on the death penalty?
What are your thoughts on abortion?
What are your thoughts on legalizing marijuana?
What are your thoughts on euthanasia?
What are your thoughts on minimum wage?
What are your thoughts on gun control?
Do nice guys finish last?
Does size matter?
Harry Potter or Twilight?
Who is your favorite Avenger?
Clap two times. Now Clap three times.
Do vampires get aids from sucking blood that is affected?
Whats your favorite disney movie?
Who is your favorite pokemon?
What is your favorite candy?
What would you do for your job if money wasn't an issue?